{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS: Does this word begin with a negative element?\
\
Does this word begin with a negative element?  A negative element is one that means something like \'93no\'94 or \'93not,\'94 as in \'93unhappy\'94 or \'93unable,\'94 or that reverses something, as in \'93unlock\'94 or \'93unbandage.\'94\
\
We\'92ll give you two ways to tell that a word begins with a negative element, but you are not limited to these ways of making a decision.  There are no \'93trick questions\'94 here.  Give your best guess, the answer that you think most people would give most of the time.  The words are meant to be easy to analyze.\
\
One way to tell that something begins with a negative element is if you know that by removing the beginning of the word, you would get a word that means something like the opposite of the original word.  For example:\
\
\'93deactivate\'94 and \'93activate\'94: DEactivate begins with a negative element.\
\
\'93detect\'94, but no \'93tect\'94: \'93detect\'94 does NOT begin with a negative element.\
\
\'93uncoordinated\'94 and coordinated: UNcoordinated begins with a negative element.\
\
\'93unit\'94: The word \'93it\'94 is not related to \'93unit\'94 at all, so \'93unit\'94 does not begin with a negative element.\
\
\'93understand\'94, but no \'93derstand\'94: understand does NOT begin with a negative element.\
\
Another way to tell that something begins with a negative element is if you know that by replacing the beginning of the word, you could get a word that means something different and not negative.  For example:\
\
\'93apnea\'94 (no/not breathing) and \'93normopnea\'94 (normal breathing) exist, so even though there is no word \'93pnea,\'94 you can say that \'93apnea\'94 begins with a negative element.\
\
You are not limited to these techniques for deciding whether or not a word begins with a negative element.  There are no \'93trick questions\'94 here.  Give your best guess, the answer that you think most people would give most of the time.  The words are meant to be easy to analyze.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}